Here's a counterintuitive strategy you may want to try usually when you have a pop up or other call
to action to get people on your list, you'll have the Opt-In form embedded right there.
But some data shows that it may be better to add another step and have people click a button before
the form even shows up.
Obviously, they still have to enter their email address, but they don't even see the form until after
they've click the button.
Many marketers have reported increased conversion rates using this approach.
The psychology here is this.
It's a lot easier to click a button than to fill out a form.
So the friction of claiming your free resource is perceived as low.
But then the form appears.
And even though the friction is higher now by clicking the button, the visitor made a subconscious
commitment to the process and as a result, they're much more likely to follow through.
Very weird, very counterintuitive, but it seems to work.
So you may want to test it out for yourself.